Norm was just a normal guy. Walking around and standing in the middle of the woods like anyone else. After coming back from a good stand, he thought he heard a faint call of some sort. With Norm's characteristic smile, he went to find where the source was and he found something amazing...


<INSERT IMAGE OF CAVE ENTRANCE>
	It was a Puzzle Palace!
	As a Normal guy, Norm decided to enter the puzzle palace and enjoy the wondrous puzzles that awaited him.



Norm leaves the Puzzle Palace with his mortal flesh melted away and feeling as normal as can be. In Norm's hand is the pick from the Puzzle Palace. There is nothing in this world as normal as Norm. Norm takes the pick and makes a normal mask of flesh and gold.

As a normal guy, Norm doesn't want to be the only one who can enjoy this wondrous Puzzle Palace. Norm decides to travel around and spread Puzzle Palace's wonderful knowledge to others. After all, Norm is a normal guy.

Go To title screen with Theme song playing

Puzzle Levels:
6: The puzzles. The puzzles. The puzzles! As a normal guy, Norm loved puzzles. This palace was wonderful. Every puzzle was creative and wildly different than the last. Norm's mind was full of puzzles and his normal body was becoming full of a wondrous energy.

3: The puzzles here were wonderful. As a normal guy, Norm enjoyed the challenge and felt wondrous energy starting to accumulate in his body.

8: dsHAdflsa PUZZLES! gnnbytjjhghgj PUZZLES! Normal guy Norm. Normal guy Norm. shdslkahfiasl PUZZLES! Wondrous energy. Normal guy. Mortal skin loose. oyujrtlkhg.

2: Norm is normal, I'm a normal guy. I solve puzzles and the puzzles love me. I can feel their wondrous love fill me.

1: Norm thought that was a wonderful first puzzle. As a normal guy, he'll try another.

7: Filled with glee and a wondrous energy, Norm thought of a fun rhyme. My name is Norm and I'm a normal guy, people that don't like puzzles should go ahead and die.

4: Another puzzle, another fun normal time. Norm solved puzzles like a normal man solved normal life. As normal kept normally solving normal puzzles, the wondrous energy accumulated and the puzzles got harder. 

5: Norm had solved many puzzles so Norm decided to take a good stand like any normal person. He contemplated the puzzles and how other normal people should enjoy them as well. Norm continued to the next puzzle.

9: Mortal skin fell of Norm's normal body. He had ascended to a new level of normal. As the wondrous energy peaked and the puzzles became harder to focus on, Norm knew the end of the Puzzle Palace was near. Just a few more puzzles and Norm would leave this wonderful puzzle palace and be free to spread the knowledge to other normal guys.


Lose a life:
Norm's mind falters. A normal person like Norm should be able to handle a puzzle like this. Failing a puzzle just doesn't make sense. Norm didn't fail the puzzle, there's just no way. Norm sets his mind and begins the next puzzle in the Palace.

When you Lose fully:
Norm's smile twitched. As a normal person, Norm is great at solving puzzles. How could he possibly lose one??? It makes no sense! Norm's mind starts getting lost on this question. This question disturbed Norm and takes up his thoughts as faint memories of previous failures start taking hold. As the thoughts of failure take up his normal mind, a faint calling slowly dissapears from his mind and Norm finds himself in front of the palace left to contemplate his failure.

Norm's Theme Song:
♪I am Norm.| A normal man♪
♪I am Norm| and I like to stand♪
♪Standing still in forests| as much as I can♪
♪Do you have a Puzzle?| I'm a big fan♪
♪I am Norm.| A normal man♪
♪I am Norm| and I have no malice♪
♪Come and join me in my palace♪
Repeatx10,000



TODO:
	Narratives at differetnt puzzle levels
	Change the map based on puzzle level
	Different puzzles (Stretch goal)?
	Ending Narrations
